THIS IS FOR USE WHEN YOU CANT CONCENTRATE.  THIS IS SALVATION!

Project: Fold/Unfold
   ctrl k 0 to fold
   ctrl k j to unfold

Project: Taxes

Project: 24 Hours
         Plant bottoms
         31" Blind
         Heat Register
         White rug
         Budget
         Message that mom about the water park

         BCBS
         FSA

Project: Budget

   Re-Occuring expenses

      Omneprazole 
         Vendor: Amazon 
         Schedule: 
         Cost:
      
      Dog Food
         Vendor: Chewy
         Schedule:
         Cost:

      Streaming
			Disney+	
         Cost: 21.04	Capital One
				
	   Dating
      	50	Monthly	Capital One

      Netflix

      Discovery

Project: Workout
   
            KETTLEBELL SWING
            Sets: 1
            Rep: 15
            Weight:

            ONE-ARM KETTLEBELL SWING
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            ONE ARM KETTLEBELL CLEAN
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            10 EACH ARM
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLE BELL PUSH PRESS
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            ONE ARM KETTLEBELL BOTTOMS UP CLEAN
            Sets: 2 Per Arm
            Rep: 5
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL WINDMILL
            Sets: 2 Per Arm
            Rep: 5
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL FRONT SQUAT
            Sets: 3
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL HAND TO HAND SWING
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 50?
            Weight:



            TUESDAY & FRIDAY

            KETTLEBELL HAND TO HAND SWING
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 30
            Weight:

            KETTLE BELL TURKISH GET UP
            Sets: 2 Per Arm
            Rep: 5
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL DOUBLE UP CLEAN
            Sets: 2
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL DOUBLE UP CLEAN
            Kettlebells
            2
            10
            1 min
            Use 45-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            ALTERNATING KETTLEBELL PRESS
            Kettlebells
            2
            10 EACH ARM
            1 min
            Use 35-pound kettlebells.
            ALTERNATING KETTLEBELL PRESS
            Kettlebells
            2
            5
            1 min
            Use 45-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL OVERHEAD SQUAT
            3
            10
            1 min
            Use 35-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL SNATCH
            1
            10 EACH ARM
            1 min
            Use 35-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL SNATCH
            3
            10 EACH ARM
            1 min
            Use 45-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL SNATCH
            1
            25 EACH ARM
            1 min
            Use 35-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            ONE LEGGED KETTLEBELL DEADLIFT
            Kettlebells
            2
            5 EACH LEG
            1 min
            Use 35-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            ONE LEGGED KETTLEBELL DEADLIFT
            Kettlebells
            2
            5 EACH LEG
            1 min
            Use 45-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

            KETTLEBELL FARMER’S HOLD
            2
            60 SEC
            1 min
            Use 55-pound kettlebells.
            Sets: 1 Per Arm
            Rep: 10
            Weight:

Project: Shopping Lists

         Regulars
            w Gold Peak tea
            w Milk
            coffee
            creamer
            w Paper Towels
         
         Semi Regular
            w Laundry Detergent
            Spray and Wash
            Trash bags
            w Parchment
            Toilet Paper
            Paper Towels 
            Hand soap
            w Dish Detergent
            Dish washing machine detergent

         
         Girls Approved Snacks
            Baby carrots
            Hummus
            Strawberries
            Raspberries
            w Rice Cakes 
            w Popcorn
            Apple Slices 
            Turkey cubes
            Cheese cubes
            Clementimes
            Dried cranberries
            w Brown Sugar Oatmeal
            Cinamon Sugar Almonds
            Lite and Lively Yogurt
            Briquettes
         

         Lunches
            Regular Cheese slices
            Sliced Turkey

         This Week
            w Eggs
            w Whole Grain English muffins
            w Chicken breasts
            w Kens light ceasar
            Red onion
            Peppers
            zuchinni
            Squash
            Cucumbers x2
            6 Sweet potatoes
            w Unscented soap
            Romaine Heads 
            w Croutons
            Cherry tomatoes x2
            Cucumber
            w Turkey cutlets
            w Corn on Cob
            Peppers
            Zucchini
            Squash
            Red Onion x3
            w Chick Peas 6 cans
            w Tzatziki sauce
            w Kalamata olives pitted halved
            Fresh Parsely
            Lemon x2
            Salmon
            Dill 
            Green Beans fresh
            w Frozen Brocolli
            w cabbage
            w carrots
            w canned Pineapple
            Ginger
            Chives
            Red Pepper
            w Cornstarch
            w pork loin


            Archived   
               filets 
               puff P
               Paper Towels
               Honey glazed carrots
               Garlic Mashed
               Milke
               butter
               Dessert?

               Invisible Glass
               Dryer Sheets
               Real Bedside Alarm clock
               Cooking making supplies
               Romaine
               Vegtable Shortening
               Iodized Salt
               Cinnamon
               Pumpkin Pie spice
               Bleach
               Laundry Stripping Suppliess
                  Borax
                  Arm Hammer Washing Soda
               Lunches
                  Snacks
                  Turkey
                  Bread
                  Sliced cheddar
               French Toast Sticks
               4 pack purple yogurt
               Strawberries
               Blueberries


               3 large chicken breasts boneless and skinless, sliced lengthwise into thin cutlets
               ▢½ teaspoon salt
               ▢¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
               ▢6 tablespoons (50 grams) all-purpose flour
               ▢2 tablespoons (28 grams) unsalted butter
               Chicken Bullion
               ▢1 cup (240 ml) heavy cream (double cream in the UK)
               ▢½ cup (43 grams) parmesan cheese grated
               ▢1 teaspoon chili flakes
               ▢¼ teaspoon oregano
               ▢¼ teaspoon thyme
               ▢⅓ cup sundried tomatoes chopped
               ▢1 tablespoon fresh basil leaves
               
               4 pounds boneless or bone-in beef short ribs about 8 short ribs
               ▢1 teaspoon salt
               ▢1 teaspoon black pepper
               ▢3 cups beef broth
               ▢1/4 cup worcestershire sauce
               ▢1 teaspoon garlic powder
               ▢1 teaspoon onion powder
               ▢1 sprig fresh rosemary
               Mashed Potatoes
               Green Beans
               two cans Tuna
               English muffins
               American Cheese
               Mac n Cheese
               angus Burgers
               fries
               baked beans
               brioche 
               eggs
               white rice
               Cilantro
               white cheddar
               cuban sauce
               fresh Fruit
               ham steak

Project: Meals
            Menu
               Friday

               Saturday
                  Turkey chili
                  
               Sunday

               Monday

               Tuesday

               Wednesday

               Thursday

               
                 
               Friday

               Saturday
                  Freezer Left Overs and Brown rice

               Sunday
                  Marinated Grilled Chicken
                     Chicken
                     Kens Lite Ceaser
                     Briquettes

                  Sweet Potatoe

                  Salad
                     Romaine
                     Croutons
                     Cherry tomatoes
                     Cucumber
                     Red onion

               Monday
                  Turkey Vegetable Skewers
                     Corn On Cob 
                     Peppers
                     zuchinni
                     Squash
                     Cherry tomatoes
                     Red onion
                  Quinoa

               Tuesday
                  Chickpea Bowls with Couscous
                     Cherry tomatoes
                     Feta 
                     Cucumbers
                     Tzatziki sauce 
                     Red onion
                     Kalamata Olived pitted and halved
                     Fresh Parsely
                     Lemon Wedges
               
               Wednesday
                  Baked Salmon with Roasted Vegtables and Sweet Potatoe 
                     w Salmon
                     Green Beans
                     Red onion
                     Sweet Potato slices

               Thursday 
                  Pork Vegetable Stir Fry 
                     Pork chops
                     Mixed Asian Veggies?
                        Brocolli
                        cabbage
                        carrots
                        Pineapple
                        Ginger
                        Chives
                        Red Pepper
                        Cornstarch

               Friday

               **********************************************************
               Sat
               Marry Me Chicken
               Salad

               Sun
               Slow Cooker Short Ribs
               Mashed 
               Greenbeans

               Monday
               Tuna Melts Mac n Cheese

               Tues
               Pan Burgers
               Oven fries
               Baked beans you won't eat

               Wed
               Ham and rice
               Cilantro
               Black Bean bowl
               White cheddar
               Sauce?

               Thurs
               French Toast and sausage
               Fruit 

         Ice Make a reoccuring task

Project: Doug Trescott
         Chloe
         Test Jan 21 1230 -230
         Lesson 2 Jan 18th After School will drop off 2 hours
         Lesson 1 Jan 14th 12-30 230 My house

         Lily
         Test Jan 29th After School 2:50-450
         Lesson 2  Jan 25th After School 2:50-4:50
         Lesson 1 Jan 14th 2:30-430 My house

         Administrative note:
         dougtrescottdrivingschool.com 
         Go to sign up page Student parent driving info form

         On the 14th, my house for paper work.  
         First Lesson
         Copy of both permits
         Copy of classroom certificates
         Parent permission form he has for signature at.
         Sign pendot 65
         If signed in front of Doug, no notary needed.

         Check Doug Trescot Driving School
         630.00 total.  

Project: Cleaning
            Kitchen
               Dishwasher
                  Check filter, make re-occuring maint task for each quarter. 
               Trash
                  Empty trash
               Clean 
                  fridge
                     make ice
                  oven
                  microwave
               Wipe

         Stove is cracked
         Bedroom
            Sheets
            Dusting
            Dressers
            Closets

         Floors

Project: FSA 

Project: FEDVIP
         Get Reimbursments for paying ambu out of pocket
            113416236001

Project: Dogs
            Dog poop  make a repeating task
            Dog bowls make a repeating task
            Dog water make a repeating task
            Dog paws make a repeating task
         
            Dogs baths
            Dogs foam idea repeating task?
            Order foam
            Get Sunny in for visit
            Get Xander in for visit

Project: Grow
            Automatic up and down
            Change lights
            * Pinch down and water
            * Order Jack Herer

Project: Water Saver Toilet
            First floor bathroom

Project: Weekly Gym schedule
            Make a repeating task

Project: Laundry
            Make a repeating task
            Make laundry monitor

Project: Credit Cards 
            New Atm Card
            Activate other cards

Project: Vacation
            Passports

Project: Email
            Groom email make a weekly task

Project: Eyes
            Dad
               replacements on its way

Project: Medical Marijuana
            waiting on card
            waiting for weed dr to call on monday
            start tracking expenses

Project: Earth Room
            *Finish ceiling fan
            Order rug
            *Luv Sac
            Floating Shelves
            Macreme Plant hangar
            Blinds 31"
            Plants
            Plant bottoms

            31 inch Windows

Project: Winterization
            Move Ac to shed
            Clean Leaves make repeating task

Project: Boogie Van
            Old Engine
               Check Engine
               
            New Engine
               Cardboard
               P59s WITHOUT idle air control drivers for electronic throttle bodies ONLY:     12582605, 12586242, 12589463, 12602802
               Leak down test
               Remove heads and clean
               Rebuild Trans


               https://www.maplegroveraceway.com/event/cmr-fall-nationals/

               https://motortrend.com/how-to/power-per-dollar-5-3-ls-engine/
               mild pocket port is what is needed.

            Body

Project: Bikes
      The Scott Atacama Sport X70 2013 Hybrid Bike features a Alloy comfort frame and steel fork, Shimano FD-TX 51 front mech, Shimano Acera RD-M 280 rear mech, Shimano FC-M131 crankset, Shimano MF-TZ21-7 cassette and a KMC chain.

      Frame: Sportster Alloy Comfort 6061 D.B. Men geometry, Integrated headtube, Scott urban kit ready
      Fork: Rigid fork, 1 1/8"" steel, 700C, straight blades
      Front Derailleur: Shimano FD-TX 51 / 31.8mm
      Rear Derailleur: Shimano Acera RD-M 280, 21 Speed
      Number of Gears: 21
      Shifters: Shimano ST-EF 40 L / 7R, EZ-fire plus
      Chainset: Shimano FC-M131
      Chainrings: 48/38/28T
      Bottom Bracket: Chian-Haur , CH-52 – B
      Cassette: Shimano MF-TZ21-7, 14-24 T
      Chain: KMC Z-50
      Pedals: Wellgo M095
      Brakeset: Scott Comp V-brake
      Handlebars: Comfort riser HB-T305, 610mm, 9 degrees bend, 40mm rise
      Stem: MA-565, Adj. Stem
      Headset: Ritchey Logic OE integrated
      Rims: Araya GP-722, 700C, 32H, black
      Front Hub: Formula FM-21FQR
      Rear Hub: Formula FM-31RQR
      Spokes: 14 G, stainless, black
      Front Tyre: Impac Crosspac, 700×40C , 24 TPI
      Rear Tyre: Impac Crosspac, 700×40C , 24 TPI
      Saddle: Selle Royal RVS-8274 Men
      Seatpost: Alloy, 31.6mm
      Weight: 13kg

Project: Limo Van
            Check Engine
            Oil bolt?
            Oil change
            Appt at Glenns?

Project: Taxes 
            Make reoccuring task
           2022
           2023 Hold back
           Call that Lady

Project: Acura
            Air Cleaner
            Trans Fluid
            Coolant

Project: Gutter 
      6" Gutter on Front of house

Project: Chloe's Room
     Ceiling
     Paint
     Furniture
     Hammock Chair

Project: Upstairs Bathroom
     Toilet
     Vanity
     Floor

Project: Wood Rot
      Garage 2x8 Replacementt
      Paint?
      Silicone?

Project: Hot Water Heater
   Line Leak

Project: Trees
   *Return Chainsaws

Project: Roof

Project: Toys
   3D Printer
   Skate Board

PROJECT: Surgery
    Hernia Repair x2
    Excess Skin Removal
    Get scoped for the ulcer

PROJECT:  Teeth
   United Concordia

PROJECT: AWS
   ec2-18-118-157-183.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com
   Buiding Aws for Mike New Laptop
      Configure IAM 
      Install power cli msiexec.exe /i https://awscli.amazonaws.com/AWSCLIV2.msi

   Start-EC2Instance -InstanceIds ec2-18-118-157-183.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com
   Stop-EC2Instance -InstanceIds ec2-18-118-157-183.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com





    Install-WindowsFeature -name Web-Server -IncludeManagementTools
    Install-WindowsFeature -name Web-Mgmt-Service
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name NET-Framework-47-Core | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Asp-Net47 | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Dir-Browsing  | Remove-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Http-Logging | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Custom-Logging | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Log-Libraries  | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-ODBC-Logging | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Http-Tracing  | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Filtering | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Windows-Auth | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Http-Errors | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Static-Content | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Stat-Compression | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Basic-Auth | Remove-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Net-Ext47 | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-ASP | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-CGI | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-ISAPI-Ext | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-ISAPI-Filter | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Includes | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Scripting-Tools |  Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Mgmt-Console | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Ftp-Server | Install-WindowsFeature
    Get-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Ftp-Service | Install-WindowsFeature
    Restart-Computer -Force

PROJECT: Recipies

      Chick Pea Bowls

         For the Chickpeas:

         2 cans (15 oz each) chickpeas, drained and rinsed
         2 tablespoons olive oil
         1 teaspoon ground cumin
         1 teaspoon smoked paprika
         Salt and pepper to taste
         For the Bowls:

         Cooked quinoa or couscous
         Cherry tomatoes, halved
         Cucumber, diced
         Red onion, thinly sliced
         Kalamata olives, pitted and halved
         Feta cheese, crumbled
         Tzatziki sauce for drizzling (store-bought or homemade)
         Optional Extras:

         Fresh parsley, chopped
         Lemon wedges
         Instructions:

         Roast the Chickpeas:

         Preheat the oven to 400°F (200°C).
         In a bowl, toss the chickpeas with olive oil, ground cumin, smoked paprika, salt, and pepper until well coated.
         Spread the chickpeas in a single layer on a baking sheet.
         Roast in the preheated oven for 20-25 minutes or until the chickpeas are golden and crispy, shaking the pan halfway through.
         Prepare the Bowls:

         Assemble bowls with a base of cooked quinoa or couscous.
         Add Vegetables:

         Arrange cherry tomatoes, diced cucumber, thinly sliced red onion, Kalamata olives, and crumbled feta cheese around the bowl.
         Top with Roasted Chickpeas:

         Add a generous portion of the roasted chickpeas to each bowl.
         Drizzle with Tzatziki:

         Drizzle tzatziki sauce over the bowls for a creamy and tangy finish.
         Optional Garnishes:

         Sprinkle fresh chopped parsley on top and serve with lemon wedges on the side.
         Enjoy:

         Toss everything together just before eating to combine the flavors, and enjoy your Mediterranean Chickpea Bowls!
         Feel free to customize the bowls with your favorite Mediterranean-inspired ingredients or sauces. You c

      Weight Loss Soup

         2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil

         1 medium onion, chopped

         2 medium carrots, chopped

         2 stalks celery, chopped

         12 ounces fresh green beans, cut into 1/2-inch pieces

         2 cloves garlic, minced

         8 cups no-salt-added chicken broth or low-sodium vegetable broth

         2 (15 ounce) cans low-sodium cannellini or other white beans, rinsed

         4 cups chopped kale

         2 medium zucchini, chopped

         4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped

         2 teaspoons red-wine vinegar

         ¾ teaspoon salt

         ½ teaspoon ground pepper

         8 teaspoons prepared pesto


         Directions
         Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, carrots, celery, green beans and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 10 minutes.

         Add broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes more.

         Add white beans, kale, zucchini, tomatoes, vinegar, salt and pepper. Increase heat to return to a simmer; cook until the zucchini and kale have softened, about 10 minutes.

         Top each serving of soup with 1 teaspoon pesto

      Never Fail Scalloped Potatoes
         Ingredients
         2 tablespoons butter
         3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
         1 teaspoon salt
         1/4 teaspoon pepper
         1-1/2 cups fat-free milk
         1/2 cup shredded reduced-fat cheddar cheese
         2 pounds potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced (about 4 cups)
         1 cup thinly sliced onions, divided
         Directions
         Preheat oven to 350°. In a small saucepan, melt butter; stir in flour, salt and pepper until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly; cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in cheese until melted.
         Advertisement

         Coat an 8-in. square baking dish with cooking spray. Place half of the potatoes in dish; layer with 1/2 cup onion and half of the cheese sauce. Repeat layers.
         Bake, covered, 50 minutes. Uncover; bake until bubbly and potatoes are tender, 10-15 minutes longer.
         Never-Fail 

      Marry Me Chicken
               3 large chicken breasts boneless and skinless, sliced lengthwise into thin cutlets
               ▢½ teaspoon salt
               ▢¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
               ▢6 tablespoons (50 grams) all-purpose flour
               ▢2 tablespoons (30 ml) olive oil
               ▢2 tablespoons (28 grams) unsalted butter
               ▢3 cloves garlic minced
               ▢1 cup (240 ml) chicken stock
               ▢1 cup (240 ml) heavy cream (double cream in the UK)
               ▢½ cup (43 grams) parmesan cheese grated
               ▢1 teaspoon chili flakes
               ▢¼ teaspoon oregano
               ▢¼ teaspoon thyme
               ▢⅓ cup sundried tomatoes chopped
               ▢1 tablespoon fresh basil leaves

               Season chicken with salt and pepper, then dredge in flour and shake off any excess.
               In a large skillet, heat olive oil and melt the butter on medium heat. Swirl pan to coat with oil and butter evenly.
               Brown the chicken (do not overcrowd and work in batches if needed) for 4-5 minutes on each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer onto a plate, cover, and set aside.
               Saute the garlic for a minute or until it's fragrant. Add the chicken stock, and deglaze the pan scraping any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
               Adjust the heat to medium-low, and add the heavy cream and the parmesan cheese to the skillet. Allow the sauce to simmer for a couple of minutes, then season with chili flakes, thyme, and oregano.
               Season with salt and pepper to your taste, add the sundried tomatoes then put the chicken back in the sauce and let the sauce simmer and thicken for a few more minutes.
               Garnish with chopped fresh basil leaves and serve warm over pasta or rice.
            
            Slow Cooker Short Ribs
               4 pounds boneless or bone-in beef short ribs about 8 short ribs
               ▢1 teaspoon salt
               ▢1 teaspoon black pepper
               ▢3 cups beef broth
               ▢1/4 cup worcestershire sauce
               ▢1 teaspoon garlic powder
               ▢1 teaspoon onion powder
               ▢1 sprig fresh rosemary

               Season the short ribs with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Sear the short ribs on each of the 4 sides for about 60 seconds per side. 
               Pour the beef broth, worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, and onion powder into a slow cooker and stir together. Place the short ribs into the liquid in the slow cooker.
               Place rosemary sprig on top of meat and put the lid on. Cook on low for 6-8 hours, until meat is tender. 

            Weight Loss Soup
               64 ounces chicken broth you may use low-sodium
               6 cups V-8 juice *see recipe notes
               56 ounces Italian diced tomatoes
               2 small onion
               4 cloves minced garlic
               16 ounces sliced mushrooms
               6 carrots peeled and sliced
               2 zucchini diced
               2 yellow squash diced
               4 cups green beans fresh or frozen
               28 ounces kidney beans drained and rinsed
               6-8 cups shredded cabbage
               2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
               Salt and Pepper to taste

               In a large frying pan sprayed with cooking spray, sauté garlic, onions, carrots, and mushrooms for about 5 minutes. 

               In a large crockpot, combine sautéed garlic and vegetables with the remaining ingredients. 

               Cook on high for 2-3 hours, or until vegetables are fork-tender.
               FREEZING INSTRUCTIONS
               This makes a large batch of soup. If you would like to freeze portions of it to use later, undercook the vegetables just a little. Pour the soup into freezer Ziplock bags and let as much air out as you can. Lay the bags flat on a cookie sheet and freeze. Once the soup is frozen flat, it is easy to layer in your freezer and won’t take up much room. To thaw, place the bag in the fridge for 24 hours and then rehea

            Carnitas
               INGREDIENTS:
               1 tablespoon chili powder
               2 teaspoons ground cumin
               2 teaspoons dried oregano
               2 teaspoons salt, or more, to taste
               1 teaspoon ground bla
               ck pepper
               4 pound pork shoulder, excess fat trimmed
               4 cloves garlic, peeled
               2 onions, quartered
               2 oranges, juiced
               2 limes, juiced
               DIRECTIONS:
               In a small bowl, combine chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and pepper. Season pork shoulder with spice mixture, rubbing in thoroughly on all sides.

               Place garlic, onions, orange juice, lime juice and seasoned pork shoulder into a slow cooker. Cover and cook on low heat for 8 hours or high for 4-5 hours.
               Remove pork shoulder from the slow cooker and shred the meat before returning to the pot with the juices; season with salt and pepper, to taste, if needed. Cover and keep warm for an additional 30 minutes.
               Preheat oven to broil. Place carnitas onto a baking sheet and broil until crisp and crusted, about 3-4 minutes.
               Serve immediately.

            RedWine Pot Roast
               Ingredients
               4-5 pound beef chuck roast
               2 tablespoons canola oil
               2 teaspoons Kosher salt
               1 teaspoon ground black pepper
               1 teaspoon fresh thyme (finely chopped)
               1 teaspoon fresh rosemary (finely chopped)
               1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
               1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
               1 yellow onion (finely diced)
               1 yellow onion (quartered)
               4 cloves garlic (minced)
               4 cloves garlic (whole)
               2 cups carrots (cut into 2-inch chunks)
               1/4 cup tomato paste
               2 cups beef broth
               1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce
               2 cups red wine
               3 sprigs fresh rosemary
               2 bay leaves

               Instructions

               Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.

               Season the chuck roast with salt and pepper.

               Place a large dutch oven over medium heat and add the canola oil, once hot, add the meat and brown it on all sides, 3-4 minutes on each side, then set it aside. Should be nicelyl browned!!

               Add the diced onion, and minced garlic to the dutch oven, stir and cook for 1 minute, add chopped thyme, chopped rosemary, dried oregano, dried Italian herbs, stirring frequently before adding in the tomato paste, cook for about 1 minute.

               Add in the beef broth, Worcestershire sauce, and red wine and scrape the bottom of the pan, then add the roast.

               Add the quartered onion, whole garlic cloves, carrots, rosemary sprigs and bay leaves.

               Cover and cook in the oven for 3-4 hours or until fork-tender.

            Red Beans and Protein
               
               medium onion, chopped
               3/4
               lb boneless skinless chicken thighs, quartered
               1
               clove garlic, finely chopped
               1
               green bell pepper, chopped
               2
               dried bay leaves
               1
               can (15.5 oz) red beans, drained, rinsed
               1
               can (6 oz) Muir Glen™ organic tomato paste
               1
               can (14.5 oz) Muir Glen™ organic diced tomatoes, undrained
               1/2
               teaspoon salt
               1
               package (12 oz) frozen cooked deveined peeled small shrimp, thawed
               1/2
               lb cooked kielbasa or Polish sausage, halved lengthwise, cut into 1-inch slices
               4
               cups uncooked instant white rice
               4
               cups water
               Red pepper sauce, if desired

               Steps
               1
               In 4- to 6-quart slow cooker, layer all ingredients in order listed, except shrimp, sausage, rice, water and pepper sauce.
               2
               Cover; cook on Low heat setting 6 to 8 hours.
               3
               About 10 minutes before serving, gently stir shrimp and sausage into chicken mixture. Remove and discard bay leaves. Increase heat setting to High; cover and cook 5 to 10 minutes longer or until shrimp and sausage are hot.
               4
               Meanwhile, cook rice in water as directed on package. Serve meat mixture over rice. Serve with pepper sauce.   

PROJECT:  Dating Profiles

      Briggs Meyers
         Enfp

         infp
         infj
         intj

      Resourceful, smart, friendly, handy, looking for his best friend.   E.E. / Computer nerd for the government.  Devoted father of teen girls.   I am a talker.   If you prefer one word answers, grunts or never hearing from your guy, not it.... seriously.... I'm not that guy.  Yes, I'm in PA, but no camo or dead animals here.  I will not hold up a fish for you as a token of my affection.   I am educated, vibrant, and lively.  I look for the laugh most days but keep a firm foot in reality.  I would really like to interact and connect with someone on a soul knowing level.  I am not most guys, not special, just really different.  I have my baseline in life and it's surprisingly great and honestly, I'm slightly stunned by that!   Lets see if we can make our great baselines even better together.  

         Ladies, were all wading through this dating swamp.  It's just as bad for the guys, just a different set of challenges.  Lets elevate our thinking on all this and stop assuming everyone is out for themselves or a scam.   I'm not.  You don't be too ok?  Take a break when you are feeling jaded.   Clear the heart and soul a bit.  Establish your baseline and come back when your heart posture is going in a pro relationship mind set.   I've talked to and have met many fantastic people on this journey.  It's not all bad.    Don't be surprised if I press for a video call or a in person meeting in short order and be willing and able to meet that requirement.  I'm sure you understand why .   


      Addendum:  

      After reading lots of profiles I can say
      *  Not a Scammer.
      *  Don't live with my parents.
      *  Has a career.
      *  Has a home.
      *  Has a car.  Has a backup car.  Doesn't need either now.  wth?
      *  Not missing any body parts or teeth.
      *  No major health issues.
      *  I want my equal and won't settle.
      *  Active lifestyle.
      *  Hygiene is important to me.
      *  No swingers, lifestyle, poly, fwb's
      *  No baby mama drama.
      *  My home is immaculate most days.
      *  I don't play people or video games.
      *  Be prepared to earn my trust. 
      *  This is my freak flag.  I like ALL the toys.  
      *  I have my mm card. 
      *  I am a hard core moderate.  Some of this is legit.  Some of it is silly.
      *  Emotional and Energy vampires I'm onto you.

      My person will respect my boundaries and not push.

      *  If we dont work just blurt it out.  The longer I know you the harder it becomes to let you go.   It sets me back in life and it takes from me energy that I need for family, selfcare, all the good bits that keep me going.   Be cognisant, tread lightly till you know your into it.

      • Low tolerance and very alert for girl games.  Please don't.    

      *  I believe in a higher power and a spirit greater than myself but bible bangers and holy rollers will be shown the door.  

      *  Aggressive or sharp tongued people trigger my flight plan.  A jet pack is close at hand.  With afterburners, and lasers, and some other parts I borrowed from Elon and Tony Stark.  Point is, be kind.  

      *  No rushing to physical intimacy.  Massive red flag.  I may joke or flirt as a way of finding out about you so I have a sense about you, but it doesn't mean I want too.  I've spent a very long time rebuilding my life and it is finally better than I could ever imagine.  I am protective of it, so while FREQUENT VIGOROUS INTIMACY is critical, if that's all you have to offer, dont.  If the lifestyle is your thing, I just can't go with you on that journey.   I need to your #1.   You will be mine.  So tell me about the people in your life that come before our relationship so I understand. 

      * Breaking plans with me last minute is really rude, please have a good reason.  Also, if you have a side dude scratching your itch pass me by.  You need to have skin in the game and if your not as sexually frustrated as I am while we work on us then it's hardly a fair match now is it.  

      * I get two weeks a month where I'm not Dad.  Its a challenge so if we regularly can't connect during those time frames then idk what to tell you.

      • Truly want someone who understands it's US vs. The Problem, not each other.   

      Yey u made it to the end.  Cookies and juice in the kitchen. 
         

   Asshole
      Disclaimer:  Whatever... your were going to ghost me anyway.  

      Can you offer more than just good looks, criticism, and blaming me and everyone around you for your miserable attitude and mistakes in life?!

      Seriously, do you want a partner, a project or a pet?  I'm only one of these.  I can bend and I sway to a point, but I am who I am.  Don't think you're going to change me.  Whatever your trying to shove down my throat, just stop.

      I am sick of being judged with just a joke.   Really, who reads "send noods" as being serious and threatening.  It's to the point where we can't even flirt to see if we have basic compatibility and before you think it, no, it wasn't the first thing I said.   Just because were talking, does not mean I want to risk my freedom and financial well-being for what's between your legs.  Truth is, that junk is dirty, smells like pee, looks like roast beef and resembles a Wal-mart bag in the wind, so chill.  Your body isn't that much of a selling point for me here so don't try to control me or tease me with it.  Play that game and get yeeted.  

      Stop with the filters, big sunglasses, neck up only fake skinny face photos, overly large hats, seriously it's a total give away. You're misrepresenting yourself and it's a catfish move.  If your fat, your fat, if you got thin hair, show it with good lighting. You're an average human just like everyone else.  Stop posting photos of yourself with your friends.  We all know you have your girls, well all know you go with them to put others down in order to build yourself up.    No need to hide your face amongst your pretty friends.   Truth is, we were only interested in you for you.  The operative word is "were", past tense.  

      Anyone who thinks they "tells it like it is" or "blunt"...   just shut up already.
      Just say that you are rude and you have zero interpersonal skills or maturity.  Not sure what kind of relationship that works with, but I have no desire to find out.

      EVEN if we hooked up, both of us can walk away at any time.  So, if that bothers you.... DON'T HOOK UP.  DON'T PUT YOUR HANDS ON MY BODY, DON'T TEASE, DROP THE INNUENDO, DON'T FLIRT, ZERO SIGNALS!   You better act like a Nun or your Amish!   Sick of being led on, sick of being given confusing signals, sick of the girl games, I'm flipping the script now.  Sick of women thinking they own me or can claim me with one kiss or a screw.  I may have been hard up and desperate for affection in a previous life.... not anymore.    You don't own me and I'm not beholden to you until I say I am.  You want me, then work for it and mean it.  If you are doing so, then I will follow suit with passion and devotion.

      Also, if your kid is transitioning or lgbtq or gender fluid,  I don't want to meet them till they are established adults living on their own.  This isn't hate.  Its called not wanting to be forced to be apart of currents trends and choosing to wait till they know who they are as a person before they try and share it with me.  Kiss off if you think it's harsh, this is my boundary.  Its called staying in my lane so I can maintain my respect for something that I don't understand.

      If you have a crap career with no future and no retirement options, you're not riding my coat tails.  Bring a life that elevates us both, not one that drags one of us down.  You should have gotten your shit together sooner.  "Im going back to school" or "Im in school" and in your 40's?  
      Great?...Your such an inspiration....I guess.    You really should have done that earlier in life and chances are you aren't going to finish it. You will just rack up a bunch of debt as you jump job to job blaming everyone else but yourself.  Either way, be honest, you don't really have time to make a go of it with someone who has a brain, boundaries, and ambitions.

      Do you sit and stare at your phone and check out at night?   Do you have zero personality and then you criticize me for being chatty or random when you aren't saying anything or giving one-word answers or not bothering to interact?   Why did you even respond, Casper?  Go haunt someone else.  Listen Slymer, real men need to have actual interactive relationships and were not here to cow tow to whatever mood you're in, that you are currently punishing everyone for.  Were men, were humans, we have feelings, were not appliances.  Figure it out.  You can't prop us up in the corner and expect us to behave like all the other tools.  If you can't treat me as well as your besties or your sister, forget you.

      Do you prefer TV over intimacy? If yes, make your way to the door before my foot helps you on your way.  Seriously...gtfo

      Rebel Flag = Traitors Rag     That should tell you everything you need to know about me on every political and social stance.  

      Screaming about Jesus guns and patriotism is your thing, then just stay away. Jesus would overturn the tables on you and you know it.  Hypocrite.

      All of you say want a good man, but you wouldn't know a good man if you fell over him.  Seems like finding some video gamer who shows no interest in you, doesn't have a job or is separated but living together with his ex or mom..... that ...THAT is YOUR guy!    Tons of those guys around too.  Go buy an xbox or something or get on onlyfans and find him TODAY!~  

      Most of you seem to have swallowed the bullshit media stereotype that Men are dumb, Men only want s3x ect, Guess what, you attract what you think.  Elevate your thinking.  

      I can't afford the bales of weed I need to deal with some of you.  Be better in my life than being single.

      I've worked on my body and I'm getting results.  Seriously, you know what's waiting for you if you don't fix your weight now?  Diabetes, lymphedema, then the wounds that won't heal and then amputation.  Now you are a stump and I finally get the s3x I've been begging for!  Do something about your health other than make excuses!

      Got a bad relationship with your Dad?  Sorry to hear, you deserved better, he broke a fundamental bond to you and it makes me sick but I already know it isn't gonna work with us.

      I am now a POF J@ck@ss.  Being my normal loving friendly positive vibes lift you up "Dad" wasn't working at all and I was taking damage daily.  Maybe this will scare off the in-considerate, rude, childish, bratty, prudish, self-absorbed, pious, greedy, drunk (seriously girls, lay off the box wine and ice cubes) lazy, gerbil birthers I have encountered here.   Encouraging the loving devoted caring guy in my first profile was an absolute disaster.  Apparently, awful people are drawn to him.  Let's see what this profile nets me.  Can't be any worse than how I've faired so far here.

      HAVE NORMAL HUMAN EYEBROWS AND TEETH!  Can I get a amen for the need for universal dental care in rural communities?  JEEEZUUUS!

Project: Chloe S.A.T's
   For next march


ARCHIVES
Project: Holidays
            Christmas dinner
            Filet 
            Puff Pastry
            Dessert?
            Prosciutto
            Red Potatoes
            Honey carrots
            Green Beans

            Christmas casserole

            
            Schedule
            * Emailed Kate
            
            * Omas Diorama

            Opa's Trains 

            * Tree Skirt

            Go See a Train Display

            Visit Gettysburg holiday shop for tree topper?
            
            * Order moravian star for outside
            
            Lily
               Digital Camera
               Sun Glasses
               Clothing from aerie shrits small and pants are small
               Hoodies champion nmike or college filed hockey hoodies
               Kendra scott necklace
               Lululemon dual puch wristlet
               car stuff
               american eagle high rise jeans size 6 lighter wash no to dark
               nike air max 270 size 8.5
               lululemon swiftly tech long sleeve 2.0 race length size 6
               luluemon alight hight rise legging 25" in size six
            
            Chloe
               Christmas List:


               Brooks running Shoe link (size 9)
               2 Pack Long Sleeve link (size small) 
               Womens Hoodie link (size medium, color in coffee gray)
               silk pillowcase
               fake ivy garlands(room decor) - found on amazon
               Floral Plant Tapestry link (size large: 36” by 48’’, color navy blue)
               Legos(orchid, plants, garden house)
               tamanu oil
               black women's sweatpants link (size medium, color black)
               gray women's sweatpants link (size medium, color gray)
               phone case - Google pixel 7
               wrong place wrong time by Gillian McAllister

               car stuff:
               floor mats, bin for car necessities, first aid kit, snow brush/scraper, car registration and insurance card holder, flashlight, window glass breaker, hot hands, dash cam, notebook and pen

            Dad
               Cool Tshirts

            House 
               New Bathroom Towels.
