Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 06:29:47 PM Dab
Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 06:24:53 PM folding towels made list updates
Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 06:05:08 PM My pro noun is "It" and my name is Mr. Satire.

        At my age, I identify as scrapsexual, no one is un-dateable!  Come take the pledge and join a cleaner, smaller dating pool!

        Politics & Faith:  Since everyone came out of the closet, I have moved some stuff in.  Everyone missed the point of the "Closet" in the first place.  Now, it's my dope spot to toke. So spin the bottle, but if you have ever said, "Im not a prude" then you are most definitely a prude. 

        so if you dare, this guy is in here somewhere, just remember, you messaged ME! 

        Resourceful, smart, friendly, handy, looking for his best friend.  (or even a heartbeat, tired of raiding cemeteries)   EE  Computer nerd for the government.  Devoted father of teen girls.   I am a talker.   If you prefer one word answers, grunts or never hearing from your guy, not it.... seriously.... I'm not that guy.  Yes, I'm in PA, but no camo or dead animals here.  I will not hold up a fish for you as a token of my affection.   I am educated, vibrant, and lively.  I look for the laugh most days but keep a firm foot in reality.  I would really like to interact and connect with someone on a soul knowing level.  I am not most guys, not special, just really different.  I have my baseline in life and it's surprisingly great and honestly, I'm slightly stunned by that!   Lets see if we can make our great baselines even better together.

        ..... I'm into my last 30 days on this account. Can you tell?
Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 06:03:27 PM Stash Illusions
Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 05:59:56 PM Getting my life organized, getting my tech to work for me so I can manage my life better.  There is a sense of calm or the concentrate is hitting but this is good medicine.
Friday, December 15, 2023 @ 06:02:39 PM I wish I had been a lot more sensitive to your needs surrounding a few key issues.   Sadly, that level of care and compassion required me to have that for myself first.   I couldnt share what I didn't have for myself.  They say the worst thing fare can't do is give you the right person at the wrong time   I  regret this because you are a truly an amazing person.   I pray for you and your families good fortune wellbeing and health daily.    
12/15/2023
    work
    Dishwasher

1/12
    Realized that I have looked to my partner to nourish my soul vs nourishing it myself whatever that may look like.  Kinda dumb to put that level of care to the charge of someone else.  Its uniquely personal don't you think?  

1/1
    No Pills

12/29
    Cleaned the house
    Fixed my bikes
    Chloe came home
    Forgot to pickup my pills.

11/18
    Angie has been good for me, She is a bit more of a mess than me so I don't feel quiet so behind the ball like I did everywhere else, she is just a few years behind me on the journey I feel like.  

    The living situation is a challenge and it makes me uncomfortable though.  
    Been tough, still waiting on money from mom and dad, Chip still a massive prick, (reference the estate log) and I'm feeling kinda worn down.  must must must use cpap. 

10/22
    Jesus.....Its Angie.   I'm head over heals.  

9/5
    Memorial day weekend, had a number of thoughts recently about Jennifer and I how my abandonment as a kid definitely played into the insecure attachments that I developed in that relationship because I felt emotional alone because I kept giving up my I don't know what to call it My core values my morality I kept backing it up backing it up keeping my mouth shut because I needed to stay latched to this person but eventually has a healed as especially after the trauma of Kate stopped things really deteriorated with Jen and I to the point where there was just no feeling connected to this person unless we were making love and I attribute that to me isolating myself by giving up my values and my core beliefs not being true to myself not being honest with myself because I don't know myself however I also feel as if Jen was always looking for another man to fix to fill that place with her father I don't understand fully the dynamics of that kind of stuff but I do feel it and I think that's worth something it may not be fully the answer nothing ever fully is the answer it's just one supporting leg as I go through the motions of continuing to heal from this and to rediscover myself to force myself into new directions and out of old patterns that just don't work anymore I got to love myself

8/24
    Forcing myself to make an entry

8/16
    Lots of tears today about Jen this morning was just missing her very much but I have to remind myself that even though that relationship is over with that I can look forward to new relationships and the fulfillment that those relationships will bring I need to remember that those relationships may not be the same type of fulfillment that it was with Jennifer or with previous people that I have loved and that's okay this something I need to leave my heart open to the realization that even though it will look different in the future because each time I go through this it does and right now this period of my life of staying single further foreseeable future is a major change for me just woke up missing Jen had a hard morning once again I am struggling with my emotional health yeah definitely lots of worry lots of anxiety so I do what I know I can do I get my ass back to the gym start over again they ordered a new smartwatch we'll see what that says but the reality of it is it does not matter how many times I fail at this only that I get back up and try again

8/11
    Really vowing today to think about and I'm yes I am high I'll admit that however what I would like to do is to make a commitment to myself here in this message to start working more on myself I have gained a lot of weight back I'm feeling sick been feeling depressed I think a lot of it has to do with sexuality and how I've had mishandled sexuality and let's be honest I have and the sandal drinking kind of like I'm a Seattle sexuality and I've made a mess but I also forgive and love myself and realize that what is done is done I cannot go back what I can do is anticipate and look forward to the future and so doing that I'm making a commitment to myself to daily take care of my mind my body and my spirit My spirit I commit to at least a half an hour to 45 minutes of therapy for some sort of self-help book I also commit to writing down these feelings and these emotions I commit to doing at least 1 hour of exercise for my body everyday and I commit to eating correctly and writing down what I'm eating and paying attention to the markers where I want to see if my weed usage coincides with depression and my weight and my food choices I know there's a link I want to get better at recognizing it so that I can find the way out faster.    So for today's commitment I absolutely will listen to some more podcasts for my physical health I don't know what I'm going to do yet today and for my physical health though I am going to write down everything I'm going to eat today that will be for today.

    It was interesting today on the road of life I met a energy vampire for an emotional amp vampire and I can remember feeling the way this person was talking I know what it's like to be in that place it sucks You're such a needy person when you're like that and you drain people I don't want to get drained anymore because I don't have much to spare

    Tracy is supposed to come over tonight and be a total slut for me.  I should enjoy is but it feels unfullfilling.  I miss Jennifer.   Its true and its ok to say it.  

8/3
    "When you betray yourself to fit in, you wind up feeling isolated and alone. Feelings of guilt, shame, and low self-esteem are the result when you are not true to yourself. "

    This is what happened with Jen and the family.

7/19
    Started Clones

7/14
    Continuing to work on things around the house, getting back to exercise, feeling ok.  Weed onboard.  

7/12
    Feeling better.  Feeling renewed?  Just tackling life chores, health, diet, doing all things that I can due to monetary restriction.  Doctor prescribed clonopin to help out when shit is bad.

7/2
    Thought for today, why do I struggle emotionally before and after bedtime.  Why am I so vulnerable during this times.  Still not past missing sleeping alone I suppose.  Its the sleeping alone that I hate.  Missing Caitlyn and Brennan and Hunter and the Jennifer I loved very much.   Fuck it swells up pain just to type that.  Need to be high as fuck to not cry.  The reason I don't want to cry is because it is physically exhausting which makes me less tolerable and less able to be present.  Lily and Chloe still need there DAD!!!!!!  Remember, your writing this stuff down so you don't have to carry the emotions, you can leave them here and stop revisiting them in your mind.  If you need reasons to remember stuff, you can come back and research it analytically when your emotions aren't running wild.  Hey, your a complete person as a single person.  This time in your life is for you to what that person looks like.  Who is Mike as he stands and more importantly, who does Mike want to be.  I have some patterns I don't want to repeat.  I have some patterns that can hurt people.  Good news, I can reset me daily.  hourly.  minute by minute if needed.  Be flexible.  Be respectful.  Always take time to think it through, sometimes, that takes years.  

7/1
    Still Grieving over Jen a little.  Still struggle daily to keep my head above water from depression, I think what is happening right now is that I am in a period of silence, a period where time and distance and making new memories to deaden the old ones is the only answer.  Sorta dating but not really into it.  Feel bad about that.  I should end it soon with the person.   Honestly never thought I would make it this far, was concerned I would fail at life and being a father much sooner than 5-6 months.  Glad that I haven't, trying hard to believe in myself.  Have suffered some weight gain as a result of depression.  Getting back on it.  It doesn't matter how many times you restart or how hard that restart is, as long as you restart.  One more time, and 24 hours at a time.  

